PrivacyPolicy

Introduction:

This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes how Global Travel (also referred to as “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), collects, stores, uses and protects your information when you use our APP,any mobile applications that hyperlink to this Policy and are available for download in the Apple App Store or any other third party app store, or are pre-installed on third party devices (the “Apps”), or any other websites, pages, features, or content owned or operated by Global Travel (collectively, including the Site and Apps, the “Services”).

Please read the Terms of Service carefully before you use our Services.

Amendments to this Policy
We may periodically make changes to this Policy as we update or expand our Services. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by notifying you via the email we have on file for you, or by means of a notice on our Services in advance of the effective date of the changes. If you do not agree to the changes, you should discontinue your use of the Services prior to the time the modified Policy takes effect. If you continue using the Services after the modified Policy takes effect, you will be bound by the modified Policy.

Furthermore, we may provide you with “just-in-time” disclosures or additional information about the data collection, use and sharing practices of specific Services. These notices may provide more information about our privacy practices, or provide you with additional choices about how we process your personal information.

Information Collected through the Services
In this Policy, the term “personal information” includes any information that identifies or makes an individual identifiable. When you access or use our Services, we may generally collect the personal information described below.

A. Information You Share on Third Party Websites or through Social Media Services The Services may include links to third-party websites and social media services where you may be able to post comments, stories, reviews or other information. Your use of these third-party websites and social media services may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these third-party websites and social media services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the third-party websites and social media services with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those third-party websites and social media services.

B. We automatically collect information about you when you use the Services, such as: Device Information: mobile device’s advertising ID, other unique identifiers . Cookies & Similar Tracking Information: We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information about your interactions with our Services. we collect your user ID. For more information about our cookies and similar tracking technologies, and how to manage them, please read the Advertising Choices Policy.

C. Information You Directly and Voluntarily Provide to Us When you access or use our Services, you may provide the following information to us: Profile Information: When using some of our Services. You voluntarily provide this information to us. When using some of our Services, by providing us with access to your files, You voluntarily provide this information to us.

Acceptance of this Policy
By accessing, visiting or using our Services, you warrant and represent that you have read, understood and agreed to this Policy and our Terms of Service. If you disagree with anything in this Policy, you must not use or access the Services.

How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the personal information we gather through the Services for the purposes described below. If we use your personal information in any other ways, we will disclose this to you. You can choose not to share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, or from allowing us to use your personal information for any purpose that is incompatible with the purposes for which we originally collected it or subsequently obtained your consent. If you choose to limit the ways we can use your personal information, some or all of the Services may not be available to you.

A．For security purposes. Improve and enforce our security measures; combat spam, malware, malicious activities or security risks; and to monitor and verify your identity so that unauthorized users do not access your account with us. We cannot ensure the security of our Services if we do not process your personal information for security purposes.Designated Countries: For all purposes listed above, pursuant to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or any equivalent legislation (collectively “Data Protection Laws”), we process the personal information of users located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), United Kingdom and Switzerland (collectively, the “Designated Countries”) based on our contract with you.

B.To maintain legal and regulatory compliance. We process your personal information to pay our taxes or fulfill our other business obligations, and/or to manage risk as required under applicable law. We cannot perform the Services in accordance with our legal and regulatory requirements without processing your personal information for such purposes. Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the Designated Countries to comply with our legal obligations.

C.To personalize your experience on the Services. We allow you to personalize your experience on our Services via social media plugins on our Services (e.g., Facebook, Google, Instagram, Twitter, etc.), by keeping track of your preferences (e.g., nickname or display name, time zone, language preference, etc.), and more. Without such processing, you may not be able to access or personalize part or all of our Services.Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the Designated Countries to satisfy our legitimate interests as described above.

How We Share Your Information with Third Parties
We may share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances:

A. Employees, Third-Party Processors and Third-Party Service Providers

We disclose your personal information to our employees, contractors, affiliates, distributors, dealers, vendors and suppliers (“Service Providers”) who provide certain services to us or on our behalf, such as operating and supporting the Services, analyzing data, or performing marketing or consulting services. These Service Providers will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf.

Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the Designated Countries based on our contract with you.

B. Response to Subpoenas or Court Orders or to Protect Rights and to Comply with Our Policies To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose your personal information if:

Required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena or court order or similar request from judicial authority, law enforcement authorities or other competent public authorities.

C. Third-Party Business Partners.

Base on you consent, we may work with and share some of your informaiton with our third-party advertising partners to provide you with advertisements or other tailored content. For more information about our own advertising practice and those of third-party partners, We may share information related to users of our service with affiliates or unaffiliated third parties on a de-identified, aggregate basis. While this informaiton will not identify you personally, in some instances these parties may be able to combile these aggregate ,de-identified informaiton with other data they have about you, or that they receive from other parties, in a manner that allows them to identify you personally.

Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personla informaiton of user located in the Designated Countries based on your consent.

Security
We are committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. We have physical, technical and administrative safeguards in place to protect the confidentiality of your personal information. In addition, we require that our service providers handling personal information also maintain appropriate physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide to us.

However, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information or that loss, misuse, unauthorized acquisition, or alteration of your data will not occur. We also have no way of protecting any of your personal information that is not in our control, such as any information transmitted via email or wireless connections.

Maintaining the security of your personal information is also your responsibility. Where we require you to register an account, you should choose a password of sufficient length and complexity and keep your password confidential. Do not leave your device unlocked so that other individuals may access it. Make sure you trust the wireless connections you are using to access or use our Services.

If you think there has been unauthorized access to or use of your account, please contact us immediately at modelkk57932@outlook.com.

Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18 years old, unless permitted to do so by applicable law. Children are not permitted to use our Services unless they provide us with consent from their parents or guardian. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal information from a child, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database. If you are a parent or guardian of a child, and you believe your child has provided us with their Personal Information on our Services, please contact us immediately at modelkk57932@outlook.com 。

How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us. You can contact us at modelkk57932@outlook.com.
