Agreement

You must carefully read and fully understand the terms of this agreement, in particular, the exemption or limitation of liability clauses, the application of the law and dispute settlement clauses, as well as our emphasis in bold form to prompt you to read, if you have any questions about the agreement, you can write to us for advice.

The keywords set before the terms of this agreement are for your convenience to read and understand, and do not represent the actual content of the relevant terms, please be sure to read and understand the terms of this agreement before using this application and continue to operate accordingly.

To use this application means that you have read, understood and accepted this agreement in its entirety, and have voluntarily entered into this agreement with us to use this application service and accept our services for you. If you do not understand or agree to any agreement under this agreement in whole or in part, please stop using it immediately.

1、 Definition

A.US: Application Developers.

B.This application: that is, you download and install our application.

C. User: A Natural Person with user status who logs in, registers with and accepts our services in this application, that is, “You” in this agreement.

D. Advertising: refers to the promotion of products or services-related content, users can voluntarily click on the ad location for relevant information.

E.Rules: refers to the user code, player rules, game announcements, tips, notifications, etc. that we publish and revise from time to time about this application.

F.Page: an area within the app where information is displayed. Users can swipe or click to view the information.

2.Services

A.You can download this application through our authorized third-party channels, you should select the appropriate version of this application for installation. We can not guarantee that you will be able to use the program if you have obtained it from a third party without our authorization, and we will not be responsible for any damages caused to you.

B.In order to improve your experience and improve the service, we will continue to develop new services, and have the right to provide you with this application without special notice. If you refuse to update the latest version, we do not guarantee that you will continue to use it.

C.Depending on our business strategy, we may change the content of the service, or we may interrupt, suspend, or terminate the service. Due to the vagaries of technology and markets, you understand and agree that we have the right to change, interrupt, suspend or terminate our services without your prior consent. However, we will do our best to inform you of the relevant information, please also pay attention to the news.

D.The advertisements in our application are issued by our advertising partners. Please judge the authenticity of the advertisements by yourself.

3. Force Majeure and grounds for exemption

A. You understand and agree that the service may be affected by risk factors such as force majeure. An Force Majeure is an objective event that can not be foreseen, overcome, or avoided and that has a significant impact on one or both parties, including but not limited to natural disasters such as floods, earthquakes, epidemics and storms, as well as social events such as war, unrest, government behavior. In case of the above, we will try our best to cooperate with the relevant unit in the first time and try to deal with it in time.

B．To the extent permitted by law, we are not liable for service disruptions or interruptions caused by computer virus, Trojans or other malicious programs, or hacking attacks; Failure of user or our computer software, system, hardware and communication lines; improper operation of user or use of the service by user in a manner not authorized by US; Outdated versions of programs, aging of devices, and/or compatibility issues; other situations we can not control or reasonably foresee.

C．You understand and agree that in the process of using this service, there may be risks brought by network information or other user's behavior. We shall not be responsible for the authenticity, applicability and legality of any information, nor shall I be responsible for any damage caused to you by the infringement. These risks include, but are not limited to, information from anonymous or incognito sources containing threatening, defamatory, objectionable or illegal content; To be misled, deceived, or otherwise caused or likely to cause any psychological or physical harm or financial loss; other risks arising from internet information or user behavior.

D. According to this agreement, we have acquired the right to deal with the illegal content, this right does not constitute an obligation or commitment, we can not guarantee the timely detection of illegal acts or corresponding treatment.

E.We can cause an exception to your account data due to a BUG, a version update BUG, a third-party virus attack, or anything else. We have the right to suspend your account until the cause of the data anomaly is determined, we have the right to restore the game account data to the original state before the exception occurred (including the third party to recover the transferred data) , without any responsibility to you. If the data anomaly is due to your illegal or violation of this agreement, we have the right to take part of this agreement"Default processing" one or more processing measures.

4. Intellectual property

We have intellectual property rights over all the contents of this application. You confirm that you shall not, without our permission, record, broadcast or publicly disseminate the contents of this application in any way, including but not limited to the use of any third-party software for network live broadcast, dissemination, etc.

5.Personal Information Protection

The protection of users' personal information and privacy is one of our basic principles. The collection, use and protection of user's personal information shall be governed by the privacy agreement.

If you have any questions about apps , please feel free to contact us.

You can contact us at modelkk57932@outlook.com.
